hi I'm Jimmy welcome to my home my
workplace my gym my restaurant my little
pony whatever you need we have it all we
are now in the fourth month of
quarantine which is crazy but life is
slowly coming back we're opening things
up for better or worse here in
California on Friday in LA they opened
museums and gyms which makes no sense to
me you know first of all who needs to go
to a museum right if I don't see a
woolly mammoth statue stuck in sludge
what am I gonna do go nuts and secondly
who would go to the gym right now I'm
not going to the gym during a pandemic
or after a pandemic I'm just not going
to the gym ever again Donald Trump had
quite a weekend he put on a big lead
presentation at West Point on Saturday
where he showed up to give a
commencement speech whether the
graduates wanted it or not the cadets at
West Point were sent home in March
because of the virus for safety reasons
but then Trump decided he wanted to give
a speech in person so all the cadets
were ordered to return to campus and
stay in quarantine for two weeks they
were literally a captive audience so our
commander in beef could pretend he's in
charge of the military and of course
some of those cadets wound up testing
positive for the virus but that's not
what's important what's most important
is that Donald Trump had an audience for
what turned out to be a historic speech
no president in the history of this
country has ever taken a weirder drink
of water than this
[Applause]
is that one of the side effects of
hydroxy I mean what is up with his hand
did he hurt it holding the Bible upside
down let's look at that again because
there's clearly something going on it's
weak and this is not the first time
we've seen this this clips from November
of 2017 you could see here he managed to
open the water bottle but then he needed
two hands to drink it and then next
month this happened again he's easy
thought is he doing he's like a witch
sipping out of a Goblet full of
toadstools or something and he had
another weird move on Memorial Day now
watch here everybody folds their arms so
he folds his arms but then he gives us
just kind of a weak shake I know is it
possible that like so many former
members of his staff his arm just
doesn't want to work with him anymore
his arms like listen you used me to to
grab women to tweet lies and shovel
McNuggets into that bloat hole to
Sharpie a hurricane I've had enough I
quit I'm joining my friend penis and
going limp remember when Trump made fun
of Marco Rubio drinking water
it's Rubio
[Applause]
he's so talented that is from the
spray-tan Collar Comedy Tour and then as
if the water thing wasn't weird enough
for one speech he took a very strange
walk down a ramp did you see this show
that clip no that's
I think that's the wrong clip no I need
the clip of the president from West
Point on Saturday this is a big topic
online this weekend so after his speech
you can see there is he shakes hands
with the lieutenant general who then
gives him a wave and then down he goes
very slowly tippy tapping down the ramp
tentatively like he's walking barefoot
on sharp rocks
maybe the bone spurs are acting up
everybody's wondering what was going on
and we found out when he got to the
bottom of the ramp it turns out he still
had his clown shoes on so that was weird
right and we can only hope he steps down
that gracefully after November so they
post this video and everybody goes nuts
and our unstable genius just cannot take
being made fun of so instead of just
letting it go
ramble Stiltskin tweets the ramp that I
descended after my West Point
commencement speech was very long and
steep had no handrail and most
importantly was very slippery the last
thing I was going to do is fall for the
fake news to have fun with final ten
feet I ran down to level ground momentum
final ten feet he ran down he didn't
know he did not and the idea that the
ramp was slippery seemed suspect
considering there was not a cloud in the
sky I don't maybe some curly fries he
had in his pocket fell out and greased
the ramp on the way up I don't know
Trump is very defensive about anything
that makes him look weak he doesn't wear
a mask he's too strong to get
coronavirus I wasn't in the bunker for
protection I was inspecting it
I wasn't shuffling down that ramp like
an old man it was slippery and I ran
down it also the ramp was covered in
banana peels and there were many snakes
I am braver than every soldier we wrote
that but it isn't out of the realm of
possibility and by the way for all the
fun Donald makes of him this was Joe
Biden going up that very same ramp at
West Point in 2016 at the time Biden was
73 which is the same age that Trump was
on Saturday so slow and sleepy wins the
race I guess Trump is now 74 years old
because he had a birthday Sunday which
is something he of course
couldn't help but mention in his speech
tomorrow America will celebrate a very
important anniversary the two hundred
and forty fifth birthday of the United
States Army unrelated going to be my
birthday also I don't know if that
happened by accident did that happen by
accident please yes it did
by the way June 14th was also the date
the first monkey was launched into space
June 14 1949 that was not a coincidence
but on Sunday Donald Trump turned 74 74
years ago yesterday rosemary had a baby
and that little baby grew into a bigger
baby and now that big old baby is our
president here in LA we celebrated his
birthday exactly the way Trump would
have wanted us to we had in all black
lives matter pride March but in Florida
and San Diego they took to the sea to
celebrate our president with a parade of
boats statues of Donald Trump Donald
Trump blow-up dolls not intended to be
used as a flotation device make sure
when a where is that sharknado when we
need it the Trump family went out to for
daddy's big day he got a card from
everyone he got a card from his daughter
thank you Dad for every job I've ever
had loved Ivanka Jared sent his own card
I'm a mannequin standing in front of an
orangutan happy birthday present at
emotion Jared Kushner here's one from
the first lady happy birthday to best
husband get away
this one was addressed from the Senate
dear mr. president happy birthday from
the bottom of my pouch your succubus
Mitch now this was nice he got a card
from his predecessor who wrote there's a
term for guys like you but not to terms
happy birthday Barack Obama
here's another from another rival after
much prayer and careful consideration
I've decided not to wish you a happy
birthday
Mitt Romney Joe Biden sent a card here's
the deal Jack I know it's your birthday
but I'm gonna clean your clock in
November okay Kemosabe Joe Biden PS
where to put my teeth
while this one is sweet dad's like you
are an endangered species but we promise
not to shoot love Erik and Don jr. his
daughter Tiffany happy birthday daddy
my routing number is 0 1 3 3 4
footprints of Anna and finally
Trump's most loyal admirer said hope you
have a ball on your birthday you already
have both of mine woof-woof Mike Pence
that's nice
[Music]